[Bugherd-18] Add the link to see all available Application Options (#2188)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/application-configuration-bundle/application-options.md

It is good practice to use the URL option in order to verify an option behavior, or to use the dynamic option
in order to set the option platform wide (branding) and to use the private static option in order to set the default for your
custom application.

> To see all available options, see the [Styling with application options](https://styleguide.cumulocity.com/apps/codex/#/getting-started/guides/theming/overview#styling-with-application-options) section in `Codex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see all available options, refer to [Styling with application options](https://styleguide.cumulocity.com/apps/codex/#/getting-started/guides/theming/overview#styling-with-application-options) in the Cumulocity IoT Codex.
```
